chore(docs): Improve Documentation (#201)
yezz123/authx: docs/configuration/database/index.md

# Database

AuthX provide a simple way to create a database, and a simple way to create a database crud in both SQL Databases and NoSQL Databases.

Right Now we Support the following Databases:

- [x] SQL Databases:
    - [x] MySQL
    - [x] PostgreSQL
    - [x] SQLite
- [x] NoSQL Databases:
    - [x] MongoDB

> Maybe in the future we will add more Databases, but right now we support only some most common Databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, we will add more databases, but right now we support only the most common ones.
```

> Even that Most Of Functionality work also without using Database at all. `BaseDBBackend`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even that most of the functionality work also without using a database at all. `BaseDBBackend`.
```

## Operations

All the operations are async functions, and they are going to return a boolean, and the boolean is going to be True if the operation was successful, and False if not.

> Thats why when we will be using the Normal Dependency Injection, we will add only the `BaseDBBackend` as a dependency, and we will use the `Database` as a dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why when we will be using the normal dependency injection (DI), we will add only the `BaseDBBackend` as a dependency, and we will use the `Database`.
```
